what's up everybody tightened back to
the guy didn't madman FL 15 this time
I'm doing the rand account let guy in
order to do this you must defeat the
level 25 boss in these skills trainer
gauntlet now what the gauntlet is is all
these skilled trainer courses mesh
together in a gauntlet so you'll do them
in back-to-back fashion until you reach
every fifth level no every fifth level
is a boss level and at each boss level
you just kind of kind of read what you
gotta do and I'll explain the subtleties
of each of the boss of the hardest boss
level I thought was a little 15 uh I
might have found a little trick that
might be able to help you out but I
picked the Lions mainly because Reggie
Bush is elusive back as opposed to
taking the Titans and having shawn green
in there because shawn green is a power
back and he's not an elusive guy so
here's the first boss level it is the
hurricane kick so you're in gale force
winds of 112 miles per hour and what you
gotta do is just pretty much aim the
they have a new kicking mechanic where
it kind of shows you where it's going
even with the wind so you want to just
point the green arrow in the middle of
the uprights and just do a full power
kick and your field goal will be
perfectly fine so the gauntlet also
raises the level of difficulty I believe
after the tenth one and every ten it
raises it up again I believe for the
first ten they call it easy then it goes
to medium then hard and then after
thirty its elite and all you gotta do is
get the level 25 so you don't even have
to worry about the Elite levels but all
these are pretty simple I mean I would
highly suggest doing these skills
trainers before doing any of the
gauntlet just because it'll give you a
little bit of film it'll give you a
little bit of an idea of what each of
the challenges are going to be um
whether it is a pass protection thing so
this is the second boss it's called
entourage so
each of your blockers will pancake a
defender if they come into contact with
them so you just gotta follow your
defenders and hopefully they knock down
every single guy if not you can be an
elusive guy like Reggie Bush is and Duke
a little bit as you saw there and you
just got to kind of watch people coming
up from behind you as well so like I was
saying you want a bit of familiarity
with each of the skills trainer courses
so that if they're asking you to do a
pass protection you know look to see
what pass protection you need for this
thing whether it's right left I don't
know the other two but I know I had that
once and if I wouldn't have had the
skills trainer course I would have had
no idea what I need to do for it but
most of them are just passing ones and
defense ones that are hardly any running
ones that I actually ran into which is
good thing because some of the wrong
running ones like just being able to do
some of the moves the game makes a lot
more difficult than it needs to be but
here is level 15 now my failed at this I
think twice or three times before I
actually got through it so there are
four defenders that you got to get by
and like I said you got to be a little
bit of elusive and be able to do pass
them but my strategy I think will work
for this one is you can run straight
past the first guy just use sprint Juke
the second person and then sort of just
hang on the left side of the wall and
then right when you're about 10 yards
away from the third defender just shut
out to the right and just trying to
diagonal diagonal way yourself to the
right side and you'll be able to get
past the defender so that's my third
fail on it but like I said run sprint
past the first guy jus got the second
guy as close to the left side as you
possibly can stand the left side kind of
like this Juke and then just go for the
right side I got lucky by it being able
to get out of that tackle but that last
attempt there is pretty much what I'm
talking about just try and get out to
the right side as quickly as possible
and I probably waited a little bit too
long in order to do
then I got lucky with the broken tackle
but the first guy you can ignore second
guy you got a juke and I think the last
two you can ignore if you can just jut
out to the right quick enough so that's
my strategy for the fifteenth one and
like I said elusive back elusive a
collusive back because you gotta have a
fast guy there in order to get past
those defenders at the back end but
defense is pretty easy uh your other
defenders can help you out and you don't
necessarily have to get a sack or tackle
the guy yourself Oh in those team
defensive ones you can let your
defensive teammates help you out some of
them are a little bit more difficult
like that when you have to sometimes
it'll tell you whether you need to have
a conservative tackler aggressive tackle
so this is the 20th level boss and it's
a passing play and you just need to pass
and throw it into one of the zones and
they have to make the catch inside that
zone in order for it to count now the
good thing about that one is that
there's no defenders rushing you at all
so you can take as long as you want to
in order to get an open receiver in one
of these zones so you can take a minute
just let you guys run around and then
find somebody that's going to be open in
one of the zones and have them catch in
the zone and you can get through that
one I got to that part three times and I
pass through it the first time every
single time so it's pretty easy and a
lot of these scenarios for getting a
certain amount of yardage I have certain
players so I like to run this play
action boot play where you get you two
tight ends rolling out to the right
usually pretty good that second tight
ends using to pass that first down line
so the level 25 boss I'll just described
to you now it's called media day and
there's a bunch of media people on the
field and some of your teammates your
teammates aren't gonna help you out at
all in fact they will stop you from
progressing if you get into them and you
bump into them that's what it says here
so what you want to do is pretty much
the same strategy that I had in level 15
get to the left side as far as much as
possible then
to the right and evade evade evade and
then shut out to the right side and
hopefully you can outrun everybody
especially with Reggie Bush it's a lot
easier than with the slower guy so I got
to level 33 before I failed out my five
attempts you have five attempts in order
to get through these skills trainer
gauntlet so you can get for mrs. in the
first level and be able to beat the
whole thing but once you get that fifth
one it will stop you in it's game over
but that is ran the gauntlet defeat the
level 25 boss of the skills trainer
gauntlet that is all that I have for
this video as well thank you guys for
watching and I will see you guys next
time